## 12 Factor Apps  

Clinical Meteor is interested in providing a set of conventions for deploying robust, scalable, stable JavaScript apps that can be used in healthcare and clinical environments.  To that end, the conventions in Clinical Meteor set out to create [12 Factor Apps](http://12factor.net/) that pass the [Joel Test](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html).  All contributions to 


The Twelve Factors

####I. Codebase - One codebase tracked in revision control, many deploys  

We use GitHub and ``git`` as our code repository, and [A Successful Git Branching Model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/) for managing feature branches.  In the case that someone needs to self-host a git server, we recommend [GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/).

####II. Dependencies - Explicitly declare and isolate dependencies  

We use Meteor as our JavaScript build tool, along with its package management system and Atmosphere.

####III. Config - Store config in the environment  


####IV. Backing Services - Treat backing services as attached resources  


####V. Build, release, run - Strictly separate build and run stages  


####VI. Processes - Execute the app as one or more stateless processes  


####VII. Port binding - Export services via port binding  


####VIII. Concurrency - Scale out via the process model  


####IX. Disposability - Maximize robustness with fast startup and graceful shutdown  


####X. Dev/prod parity - Keep development, staging, and production as similar as possible  


####XI. Logs - Treat logs as event streams  


####XII. Admin processes - Run admin/management tasks as one-off processes  




Do you use source control?
Can you make a build in one step?
Do you make daily builds?
Do you have a bug database?
Do you fix bugs before writing new code?
Do you have an up-to-date schedule?
Do you have a spec?
Do programmers have quiet working conditions?
Do you use the best tools money can buy?
Do you have testers?
Do new candidates write code during their interview?
Do you do hallway usability testing?


