## RC19 - MU2 Prerelease

Time for a quarterly maintenance release. This is a smaller release that is focusing on two goals:

- getting a new plugin architecture in place that will allow companies to have more clearly defined intellectual property (a common request among people who work with the CLINICAL release track) and which moves more files into the FHIR resources packages.
- making sure the release track is up-to-date as we prepare for an end-of-year release of Meaningful Use Stage 2 readiness and full support of all Epic/Cerner packages from the Argonaut project.

Everything else should be mostly the same as RC18. So it’s mostly a maintenance release. Stay tuned for RC20, though, which looking like its going to be the first release we submit to the FDA for precertification.

**Software Development Kit**    
Download the entire Clinical Meteor Software Development Kit, including examples, utilities, design documents, and other resources.

```sh
git clone --recursive http://github.com/clinical-meteor/clinical-meteor ClinicalMeteor
```

**Packages Confirmed to Work Together**  
Each release, we publish a list of packages that are known to work together. As we migrate to NPM, we now have two supported package lists that we are keeping under QA. Use these two files as a baseline for which packages to use.

[Atmosphere Package Reference](https://github.com/clinical-meteor/framework-doc-generator/blob/develop/clinical.meteor.rc19.json)  
[NPM Package Reference](https://github.com/clinical-meteor/meteor-on-fhir/blob/master/webapp/package.json)  

**Usage**  
Although not necessary to use the individual packages or FHIR resources, you can synchronize an app to the baseline distro by running your app with the --release flag.

```
meteor --release clinical:METEOR@1.4.2-rc19
```

**Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources**  
Meteor support for the HL7 FHIR spec can now be included in a project by adding the clinical:hl7-fhir-resources package.

```
meteor add clinical:hl7-fhir-resources
```

For individual FHIR resources, use the search command or Atmosphere.

```
meteor search clinical:hl7-resource
meteor add clinical:hl7-resource-patient  // to add the Patient resource
```

**Validation/Verification Tests**  
550 validation tests on Meteor on FHIR Interface Engine
130 verification tests across 36 distro packages
118 verification tests across 40 FHIR packages

**Pending On Roadmap**  
Meaningful Use Stage 2 Readiness
IPFS Swarm Filesystem
LOINC Web API
Open mHealth Schemas
Node/Python bindings